How to guide: migrate namespace (#3724)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/high-availability/how-to/migrate.mdx

slug: /cloud/high-availability/migrate
description: Use Temporal Cloud's High Availability features to migrate between regions.
tags:
  - Temporal Cloud
  - Production
  - High Availability
  - Migration
keywords:
  - availability
  - explanation
  - failover
  - high-availability
  - migration
  - multi-cloud replication
  - multi-region replication
  - namespaces
  - same-region replication
  - temporal-cloud
---

import { CaptionedImage } from '@site/src/components';

Temporal Cloud's High Availability features allow you to migrate a namespace from one region or cloud provider to another with zero downtime.

[Using High Availability features affects pricing](/cloud/pricing#high-availability-features).

1. Add a namespace replica in the region you want to migrate to. See [regions](/cloud/regions) for a list of available regions and supported multi-region and multi-cloud configurations.

<CaptionedImage
    src="/img/cloud/high-availability/migrate/1-add-replica.png"
    title="Add a namespace replica"
    zoom="true"
/>

<CaptionedImage
    src="/img/cloud/high-availability/migrate/2-choose-region.png"
    title="Choose the region for the replica"
    zoom="true"
/>

> 2. Wait for the replica to become active. The Cloud UI will display a time estimate, and you will receive an email when the replica is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Wait for the replica to become active. The Cloud UI will display a time estimate, and namespace admins will receive an email when the replica is active.
```

Author: Good call
